water's up close for to say I understand
have you a 72 and a top lack of two
gameplay playing on hijacked domination
regular 66 this product has been any
hundred possible I kind of failed on my
first streak where a delight literally
ten points off myself droplet which
probably would have led on to me going
on to get a Loadstar warship but last i
saw all ready been playing 772 and 18
already a bad game clay so the class
that I'm using is the PDW or with sunset
and fast Mike silencer just so i can
stay off the enemy's radar and in fast
mike so i can just reel quicker my perks
include i'm using the perk 1 greed which
allows me to have coast and flapjack
soften up a few school plan jack
something better flapjack attack or end
up but enemy that's i can just you know
not be killed by tom grenades bouncing
Betties SI falls i simply getting killed
by planting veggies a lot just because
they're really powerful same with c4
band already grenades as much ghost i
stay off the radar and goes to some read
part of hard anymore because you have
always been moving for a touch food work
and like I don't know you have to look
at 55 so you know not that many people
really use it although I have fun locked
it so that i can use in have all of my
prestigious so I pretty much always have
it which is pretty nice and my
killstreaks i'm using these stuffed
chocolate lodestar and warship the stuff
drop it is pretty much any pavelow from
one or for free but it doesn't it's not
on a nice radar and it doesn't get shot
down a tool known bowlers really low
slices were really good it's pretty much
the reaper but a lot better the radius
of the explosions myself whatever they
are is huge and of course it's not
really much sporran protection on black
ops 2 so it does pretty well and in the
warship just like a mix between the
Osprey from one with her free and the
chopper gunner from black ops pretty
much is pretty insane you get missiles
and normal like explosive rounds
whatever they are so I really do enjoy
using them and at about five minutes 40
in this game player gay insane feed or I
pick up like a I get about four kills
with the PD
you done a couple with a pistol my
pistol was actually did the 20 or
something like that and it's a really
good pistol a free wrong person that's
pretty much what I use on all my classes
and so like I said it about five minutes
14 to this game guy get a really nice
feed a few cups with two PTW @ pistol
and a quad feed with a ballistic knife
or whatever school which I pick up pick
up off the ground and today I want to
just create go on like talk about the
new matchmaking system so basically what
happens is I think this is a really bad
idea in my opinion basically you could
you get put into matches where everyone
is pretty much roughly the same rank as
you it's like a rank or score per minute
I'm not really sure but essentially if
you're really good at the game or decent
and a game for example why I'm you know
I'm quite good again making it came
pretty less often so what this means for
me out I'm also quite a high prestige of
theorems second level something what it
means for me as i get put into obviously
the people of the same rank which is
really annoying and makes getting game
place is so difficult just because I'm
my pop against people like for prestige
for 50 even and everyone has like a 500
scope of mania which is pretty annoying
and it makes it really difficult to me
so sometimes actually played on my
second account because well although I
don't have like ghosts scavenger flak
jacket well thats or stuff it's just a
lot easier because you comment you get
into lobbies where people were like
saying obviously the same levels you and
all my offer crowd like level 10 so
everyone's all the lobbies are get into
everyone's pretty damn perhaps so so
yeah and here's an the clip so I'm just
going to let you guys watch it as is
pretty damn beast
so you're really nice little clip there
and now I actually pick up from that
streak I get the load side and worship
Bluestar being a repo pretty much just a
bit better I don't do great in this
repair lodestar as Part C Reaper I don't
do that gray i get about 15 kills 10
kills and already sure you sure i get
like double kills trip girls maybe
kumquats sometimes but I didn't get that
many and also in a warship in this game
pretending to get that many kills Eva
which was kind of shame as you can see
right here this is what it looks like
you get the normal like machine guns
whatever they're called and you also get
some like rockets explosive things which
are pretty damn good though I do get a
nice little corridor I might be more
sure about now I believe yeah here it is
but all in all when you get that many
kills compared to what you should get so
that gets taken down on a ship right
quickly which is and I don't know they
get they don't really get taken down so
this is about the end of this video if
you did enjoyed please to give this
video a like and if you're new to my
channel I would be really grateful if
you could subscribe bye